README.md, before:

# 📚 StudyStack

A centralized platform for students and teachers to manage and share study materials efficiently.

🔗 **Live Website:** [StudyStack](https://studystack01.vercel.app/)  
🔗 **Source Code:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Arsenic-01/studystack)  

---

## 🚀 About StudyStack  

StudyStack is a **notes storage platform** designed for colleges where:  
- **Students** can browse and download notes easily.  
- **Teachers** can upload study materials for their students.  
- **Admins** have full control over managing content and user access.  

It provides a **fast, secure, and scalable** solution for academic content sharing.  

---

## 🌟 Features  

✅ **Students:** View and download notes seamlessly.  
✅ **Teachers:** Upload study materials effortlessly.  
✅ **Admin Panel:** Manage users, notes, and permissions.  
✅ **Role-based Access Control (RBAC)** to ensure proper authorization.  
✅ **Fast and Secure Storage** for reliable access.  
✅ **Modern UI/UX** for a smooth user experience.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

### **Frontend:**  
- 🚀 **Next.js (App Router)**  
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS**  
- ⚡ **React 19 (RSC)**  

### **Backend & Storage:**  
- 📦 **Appwrite** (Database & Storage)  
- 🔑 **Appwrite** (Authentication) 
- ⚡ **Vercel** (Serverless/Edge Functions)
- 🌐 **Vercel + Netlify** (Hosting)

### **State Management:**  
- 🏗️ **Zustand** (Efficient state handling)  
- 🔄 **React Query** (Data fetching & caching)  

---

## 🔧 Setup & Installation  

1️⃣ **Clone the Repository**  
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Arsenic-01/studystack.git
cd studystack
```

2️⃣ **Install Dependencies**  
```sh
npm install
```

3️⃣ **Set Up Environment Variables**  
Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory and add the required credentials:  

```env
PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
API_KEY=your_api_key
DATABASE_ID=your_database_id
USER_COLLECTION_ID=your_user_collection_id
NOTE_COLLECTION_ID=your_note_collection_id
NEXT_PUBLIC_ENDPOINT=https://cloud.appwrite.io/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_LOCAL_URL=http://localhost:3000
BUCKET_ID=your_bucket_id
RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key
NEW_SUBJECT_COLLECTION_ID=your_new_subject_collection_id
YOUTUBE_COLLECTION_ID=your_youtube_collection_id
SESSION_COLLECTION_ID=your_session_collection_id
LOGIN_COLLECTION_ID=your_login_collection_id
```

4️⃣ **Run the Development Server**  
```sh
npm run dev
```
Visit `http://localhost:3000/` to view the app locally.  

---


## 🤝 Contributing  

1. **Fork the repository**  
2. **Create a new branch:** `git checkout -b feature-branch`  
3. **Commit your changes:** `git commit -m "Added new feature"`  
4. **Push to your branch:** `git push origin feature-branch`  
5. **Submit a pull request** 🎉  

---

## 📜 License  

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  

---

## 📬 Contact  

💡 Got suggestions or feedback? Feel free to connect!  

📧 **Email:** [vedbhor25@gmail.com](mailto:vedbhor25@gmail.com)  
🐦 **Twitter:** [@arsenic_dev](https://x.com/arsenic_dev)  
👨‍💻 **LinkedIn:** [Vedant Bhor](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-bhor-39287828b/)

Commit message:

added demo video to readme

README.md, after:

# 📚 StudyStack

A centralized platform for students and teachers to manage and share study materials efficiently.

🔗 **Live Website:** [StudyStack](https://studystack01.vercel.app/)  
🔗 **Source Code:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Arsenic-01/studystack)  

---

## 🎥 Demo

[![StudyStack Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/bcyYHZSmW88/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/bcyYHZSmW88)

Click the image above to watch the video.

---

## 🚀 About StudyStack  

StudyStack is a **notes storage platform** designed for colleges where:  
- **Students** can browse and download notes easily.  
- **Teachers** can upload study materials for their students.  
- **Admins** have full control over managing content and user access.  

It provides a **fast, secure, and scalable** solution for academic content sharing.  

---

## 🌟 Features  

✅ **Students:** View and download notes seamlessly.  
✅ **Teachers:** Upload study materials effortlessly.  
✅ **Admin Panel:** Manage users, notes, and permissions.  
✅ **Role-based Access Control (RBAC)** to ensure proper authorization.  
✅ **Fast and Secure Storage** for reliable access.  
✅ **Modern UI/UX** for a smooth user experience.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

### **Frontend:**  
- 🚀 **Next.js (App Router)**  
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS**  
- ⚡ **React 19 (RSC)**  

### **Backend & Storage:**  
- 📦 **Appwrite** (Database & Storage)  
- 🔑 **Appwrite** (Authentication)  
- ⚡ **Vercel** (Serverless/Edge Functions)  
- 🌐 **Vercel + Netlify** (Hosting)

### **State Management:**  
- 🏗️ **Zustand** (Efficient state handling)  
- 🔄 **React Query** (Data fetching & caching)  

---

## 🔧 Setup & Installation  

1️⃣ **Clone the Repository**  
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Arsenic-01/studystack.git
cd studystack
```

2️⃣ **Install Dependencies**  
```sh
npm install
```

3️⃣ **Set Up Environment Variables**  
Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory and add the required credentials:  

```env
PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
API_KEY=your_api_key
DATABASE_ID=your_database_id
USER_COLLECTION_ID=your_user_collection_id
NOTE_COLLECTION_ID=your_note_collection_id
NEXT_PUBLIC_ENDPOINT=https://cloud.appwrite.io/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_LOCAL_URL=http://localhost:3000
BUCKET_ID=your_bucket_id
RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key
NEW_SUBJECT_COLLECTION_ID=your_new_subject_collection_id
YOUTUBE_COLLECTION_ID=your_youtube_collection_id
SESSION_COLLECTION_ID=your_session_collection_id
LOGIN_COLLECTION_ID=your_login_collection_id
```

4️⃣ **Run the Development Server**  
```sh
npm run dev
```
Visit `http://localhost:3000/` to view the app locally.  

---



## 🤝 Contributing  

1. **Fork the repository**  
2. **Create a new branch:** `git checkout -b feature-branch`  
3. **Commit your changes:** `git commit -m "Added new feature"`  
4. **Push to your branch:** `git push origin feature-branch`  
5. **Submit a pull request** 🎉  

---

## 📜 License  

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  

---

## 📬 Contact  

💡 Got suggestions or feedback? Feel free to connect!  

📧 **Email:** [vedbhor25@gmail.com](mailto:vedbhor25@gmail.com)  
🐦 **Twitter:** [@arsenic_dev](https://x.com/arsenic_dev)  
👨‍💻 **LinkedIn:** [Vedant Bhor](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-bhor-39287828b/)
